Gwenevere Abriel: pretty smile.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me.
Jessica G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: For lunch. I kind of need to eat. I'm noticing starting to get a little lightheaded.
Jessica G: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you need to eat as well.
Jessica G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to go grab a snack. And then we can both be true in each other's ears.
Jessica G: Okay.
Jessica G: Actually, I need to go to the restroom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, go do that.
Jessica G: Okay.
Jessica G: That's fine. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are
Gwenevere Abriel: You feeling better.
Jessica G: Yes, I feel, way better.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You got this sort of light hearted smile on your
Gwenevere Abriel: House, how is this weekend for you.
Jessica G: Well,
Jessica G: It's been pretty good or above everything else like it started off.
Jessica G: Really have we had a breakdown
Jessica G: Welcome, we're moving into the new place already
Jessica G: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: You are. You're in the new place.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so what's the deal with the bedroom, how did that play out.
Jessica G: It was a whole thing. So I got home from work one day and then he told me that he got the keys to the new apartment. And I was like, well, when are we going to start moving in and he was like
Jessica G: Sunday. And I was like, Well, I work sending is like will pack your stuff now. And I was like, whoa. Okay, so I'm going to be packing everything now. Meanwhile, you do what
Jessica G: You know,
Jessica G: And then he was like, well, I know where my fun stuff is going to go.
Jessica G: And I'll just be quiet because I think we would. And then I was on my phone for a while and rate. What did he say, and I'll say what do you mean by that, that, you know, we are some stuff is going to go on and he's all why
Jessica G: I was like, What do you mean why I'm asking you a question. Well, why do you ask
Jessica G: Like, what the heck. Tell me, I'll tell them quit quit being like, like quick stop.
Jessica G: Being like that and tell me what you know, what are you trying to say like, do you have something to say, you know, like, Well, I just know that my son stuff is going to go in his room.
Jessica G: And I was like,
Jessica G: That I just feel like that's messed up because
Jessica G: Like, you couldn't even at least give me the option, you know, like
Jessica G: You can have been like, you know, well, I hear you. I understand that you feel like you need this for your mental health and, you know, there's the room day if you want it, like, you know,
Jessica G: Instead he's like oh, that's the rooms going to be my son's room. You need to figure out where your stuffs going to go like
Jessica G: Why, because I didn't pay anything because I didn't pay the deposit
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so in real time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this where the meltdown followed after that. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: The details in this discussion are important. So you and I, you're after reflection. This is where you are today. But at the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You try to steer him.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yet, there's still a bit of
Gwenevere Abriel: There's still non direct communication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you took the option of not telling him in advance. That was a decision you made you said, Well, I don't want. I'm not going to do it in advance and say I want a room that was your choice.
Jessica G: Well, like
Jessica G: We had a conversation and I said it multiple times to him, like, Well, I'm gonna have my I want my own room like you baby can be in a room, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not
Jessica G: But I'll go, I don't like follow up.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't say, hey, Ramon, what are your thoughts on that. Is that right,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well he's letting his opinion and preference be known. He let you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, Z. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You did your part, it would have been a mature thing for him to have spoken a I want him to have his own room and then to to have heard his reasoning that would have been a appropriate time to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But he stayed quiet when you originally said that to him.
Jessica G: Yeah, he mostly just started telling me you know to shut up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is nowhere in the realm of healthy
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well,
That just know
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so he's power tripping he he's seeing his power is in fact that he's
Gwenevere Abriel: Bringing in money and but you're the one that wanted this two bedroom apartment to begin with. Isn't that right, you don't want to tell them hey
Gwenevere Abriel: So if it was such a if this was something so important to him, you know, might have brought this up earlier. So this is coming from something you wanted, which was to have your own space for your own mental health.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how did it go after he started saying, Shut up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, however it escalated.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know where my son stuffs gonna go then what happened.
Jessica G: I just didn't say I didn't have anything to say after that.
Jessica G: I was just really upset and then I felt like he was trying to pick at me like he
Jessica G: Like he would go. He went near me, and he had like this work phone and he was like playing each ringtone really loud, like right next to me.
Jessica G: And stuff like that you know and and i don't know what he was doing it on purpose to try to make me upset, but I just didn't even play into it and then another incident happened later on. And then my, my brother and his girlfriend Shane went over.
Jessica G: And I was a coach for them and
Jessica G: Even my brother who's like a total advocate for him was like what's going on with him. Like, why did he do that, you know,
Jessica G: And
Jessica G: So that was on my mind until the end that whole night. And then the next day.
Jessica G: Like I was in a good mood. I just, I have to get over it you know until I was in a good mood and everything was all good. And he was the one I was in a bad mood and quiet.
Jessica G: But I was off from work and
Jessica G: And
Jessica G: He was working just that just
Jessica G: stayed on my mind and bad about it and thought about it and better better than so, like, finally I broke down like
Jessica G: I'm gaining a really should pay our work so hard like
Jessica G: And I can't do nothing for myself. Like I wouldn't work. You know, and it's just
Jessica G: I felt hopeless at the moment and then I called my mom to talk to her. And then I think it just made it worse because she was like
Jessica G: She was out
Jessica G: With her boyfriend's family and it's just that's the whole thing in itself, but she's still listening to me and everything.
Jessica G: I just broke down and cried and cried and cried and I let myself cry and I let myself.
Jessica G: Be upset. And then I started taking deep breaths. OK. Now go got it out. And I said, taking deep breaths and I calm myself down
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you did reach out. Let me see on your relapse prevention plan, who you have listed for people that you trust you have
Gwenevere Abriel: Role
Gwenevere Abriel: And who might say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I love you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you might not call him because you don't want him to freak out. He's one of your brothers that sort of sort of focuses on things and fixates on him a bit. Now you you also could have my names on here too.
Gwenevere Abriel: I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Reach out to Gwen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Did it even be honest, because it's you gotta be honest with yourself didn't even occur to you I could reach out to her didn't even occur to you.
Jessica G: That's always my first thought every time after something happened to me to tell Glenn, but then I'm like, no, I thought myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And is it is it I don't tell me what the side is the the counter thought i wanna i want to talk to win, but what
Jessica G: But it's going to be through text message. And, you know, like it just, I don't, I don't know, I don't wanna
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to want finish that thought.
I just
Jessica G: I'm like all just wait till Monday. I'll wait till Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a solution. What I don't wanna what
Jessica G: I don't wanna like
Jessica G: Impose or I don't wanna
Jessica G: You know,
Jessica G: Like either way. I know it's going to be vague because it's like you really can't get anything close to the text message. Okay, you know, so that's why I tell myself all just wait until Monday.
Jessica G: And even write stuff down like okay this is where I'm going to tell it like this incident that happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jessica G: I was like I needed to win.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so there's a difference. There's a difference between the moment this thing. You just said, which was I'M GETTING SHITTY pay you can see the power that Ramon has with his money and now you give that power away, but we won't get into that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You felt hopeless. Now that has my attention. If any of my clients ever have that sense of hopelessness and helplessness happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you guys to know you can reach out now not only vague, you could just send a little emoji. You could just skip words all together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm because you guys rarely do it I'm gonna what it'll go in, is I'm going to write back. You doing okay. Do you want to schedule a zoom appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, it's true. I will want to meet in here because texting is really crummy at supporting one another, unless we have something set that I can say, and I know for sure it's going to land.
Gwenevere Abriel: As you feeling cared about and supported and validated, but I don't have that setup with a lot of people I have it for like one or two people.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the difference is Jessica in your hopelessness, if you knew
Gwenevere Abriel: That you could have texted me. What would you have written or what would you have sent as a little emoji.
Jessica G: I probably would have said like
Jessica G: Like
Jessica G: Glenn, can we talk or
Jessica G: I'm having a really, really, really bad moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. Now I wrote that down. So now when this happens, and it may happen again because you're probably butting up against an edge of probably maybe what making a decision about whether you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Get a different kind of job.
Jessica G: Yeah.
Jessica G: Yeah, that's
Jessica G: That's exactly what I thought I'll have all this training.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so you're probably getting close to that. So you got right up to hopelessness and typically when we reach that edge when it gets that desperate that miserable.
Gwenevere Abriel: It sparks. Well, what the f if it's going to get that bad, then I might as well go for it. And so that's that's what it looks like. So now I wrote it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: If this occurs to you again where you want to, you want to meet in zoom and I happen to be free. Remember I set my own limit, you don't have to worry about mine. We're agreeing right now if you're feeling that sense of hopelessness and helplessness.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want it to, to lead to substance use to self injury. I don't want any of that. So, what I want is that you know in your worst despair. You are not alone. You don't have to do any of the kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: overthinking and taking care of mom. The way you do with mom, you don't do it have to do that for me, I take care of myself. I will say yes, I can meet with you. Only when I mean it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not gonna say anything except I'm available at this time. And if I say it. Your job is to believe me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going to give something unless I have it to give if I have. I mean, I either have appointments open or I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: But sometimes it gets to the point where, just a quick call is possible, sometimes not so much. Other times it is ok but the key is for you to know I can reach out to my therapist. That's why I have her
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're not taking advantage of, okay, you're not alone. And now we have agreement and I even wrote it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you, if you reach out to me. It might sound like this. Hi, Glenn, it can be, it gets to be there. You don't have to go into detail because doesn't matter you having a big feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, when can we talk I'm having a really bad moment. That's it. Or you could say, having a really bad moment or can we talk her
Gwenevere Abriel: Ha ha ha exclamation. Ah.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, the response for me is probably going to be the same. Hey, are you okay, question mark, and then I'll probably say am I able to meet
Gwenevere Abriel: In zoom sometime and then you respond. So you already know how it's going to sound. The problem I have with my site is it sounds so cold. It sounds. You know, it's hard, right, because it's so you're gonna have to remember me.
Jessica G: But that's what I felt like that. First, sorry, I don't mean to cut you off. But that's, that's what I felt like at first, but now that I know.
Jessica G: You know otherwise. Now it's. It doesn't sound like cold to me like I know you know it's weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because behind behind the words. Are you okay, is my tone is my face is is my genuine caring for you and your family. Okay. And when I say Do you want to meet and zoom I meaning.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have to be careful. I have to be careful about you. I have to be careful about how my words. I have to see your face. I have to see. Is she nodding.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is my intention being received and I can't do that very well through telephone and through texting. So I really need to see you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there are some times when it happens that it's so critical. It's so in crisis that even a little voice from me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can be like, Oh, okay. I'm not alone. All right. And, and she oh yeah I can just do my breathing. I am I'm cared for. Everything's gonna be okay. Sometimes just even two minutes of hearing a positive voice can lift us out of our despair.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you don't have to take care of me like you would a mom because she's you know you just the whole family thing around where, you know, you don't have to do that for a therapist.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you could just, I could just be the taker.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. So back in. So now we've refined it the text can be. Hey, when can we talk I'm having a really bad moment and then we'll reach back. Now it does leave a margin of error because I'm in this weird Wi Fi spot. You can also call me I'm old school. I will listen to a voicemail.
Jessica G: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Can also call right heart health, you can log into virtual clinic. There's lots of different ways to say, hey, I'm kind of in crisis, having a bad moment. Can you get one to call me back. Something like that. That would be common for them to to hear
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's come back up to real time. How is it now. And how did you get, are you able to have your own room and how did you, how did you manage that.
Jessica G: Whoa.
Jessica G: What he didn't know that I was gonna say was that or like I told him like you don't know. Maybe I'm like kayden. No, I do want my son to have his own room, whatever the cases, you know, she doesn't know how I was going to react.
Jessica G: But
Jessica G: I just I gave him.
Jessica G: I gave him. And yeah, I did.
Jessica G: And I was like, just put my son stuff in his room and
Jessica G: Right now we only have my bed.
Jessica G: So,
Jessica G: We put it on the master bedroom and that's where all three of us slept last night.
Jessica G: And then just looking for, like,
Gwenevere Abriel: What about a
Jessica G: Lizard
Gwenevere Abriel: What about a bunk bed where you sneak in and you just crawl in the top
Jessica G: Yeah.
Jessica G: You can meet
Gwenevere Abriel: safety precautions, where he can't get up there.
Jessica G: Were
Gwenevere Abriel: Asking you know what a triangle is
Jessica G: Like a bird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well, it pulls out another vegetables out. So there's two two twin beds. So there's a bed here. And then there's a drawer that pulls out where your bed is and
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what, that's how you want it. This is the bed. I want you buy it and you go to bed and now that's where you're sleeping and he can't fit on there.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you thoughts. I'm just brainstorming.
Jessica G: Yeah, yeah. I've actually thought about all of the same I've looked at Bank beds and there's one where it's a queen size bed or full size bed on the bottom and then that's when on the top or just stuff like that.
Jessica G: But for now.
Jessica G: I just gave him.
Jessica G: But the way that I brought myself back was right way like everything in this House is mine.
Jessica G: The couch the couches, our mind.
Jessica G: The bedroom furniture. Everything is mine. Besides this TV in the living room. Everything else is mine. And so
Jessica G: Like
Jessica G: He doesn't like oh, can I, how can I say this right
Jessica G: He's just on the high horse right now.
Jessica G: When really, he's barely even starting to put in
Jessica G: Any kind of work, you know, or any kind of
Jessica G: Effort.
Jessica G: Especially compared to what I've done.
Jessica G: Like we wouldn't have even had any of this. If it wasn't for me.
Jessica G: You know,
Jessica G: I brought myself back and like we got here and I sage the house and I prayed and prayed and prayed and
Jessica G: I'm just
Jessica G: Hopeful like I caught myself saying things like, Let's not do that here, you know, hey, I put a box for now in the closet, so that way you're not your dirty clothes is the main on the floor, you know,
Jessica G: Let's put stuff where it goes. Let's find a place for it, you know, because that's really what drove me nuts.
Jessica G: As I was just tired of living like that.
Jessica G: And then, and then it's on me because it's not clean
Jessica G: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's you, yourself, talk
Gwenevere Abriel: This doesn't sound like you're forever partner in your life. It doesn't sound like he's he's someone that you're in love with
Gwenevere Abriel: I think the biggest struggle or battle is within you being right it's
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what's your next move. YOU FOUND YOU YOU MADE YOU MADE THIS HAPPEN. You go talk to the, you know, you're the one that made this happen to your in this place because of you, your good ideas, your ability to write, make sure things get follow through. So
Gwenevere Abriel: When you are crying and crying and crying. What is this thing he if you woke up tomorrow with one thing different. That would make all the difference in your life, what would it be
Jessica G: Probably
Jessica G: Be doing things on my own.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do you do
Gwenevere Abriel: First step, we got to have in order to do things on our own.
Jessica G: Probably get a better job.
Gwenevere Abriel: You kind of know that don't you
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is it scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your fear. Tell me about it.
Jessica G: Because that means that I have to work a full time job or or normal schedule.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep telling me what's the fear because
Gwenevere Abriel: Many people do. Tell me, what's your fear what will happen if you work a full time job in your worst imagination that's causing a ruckus up in that head of yours.
Jessica G: Just
Jessica G: Leave having to take my son to daycare having to Leland and learn him getting sick or
Jessica G: Hurt.
Jessica G: Or not being taken care of. The way I take her fam.
Jessica G: Are being molested or
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know any yeah I got you. I kind of guessed that. But I wanted to hear you say. So, you know, any kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are the kids have gone to daycare and their parents go off to work and nothing bad has happened.
Jessica G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is it possible that this fear of yours is based on your traumatic childhood that it's based out of your history and less about
Gwenevere Abriel: There's plenty of people that do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: And because we're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If we happy mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: A depressed. Mom, an angry mom a sad mom little boys going to pick up on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can get love and safety from 100 different people. Obviously, you're the most important person. I get that. But little boys.
Gwenevere Abriel: They can get love from other people to support from other people. They get socialized. That means they're going to they're going to know how to interact with other people. There's good things that happened with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can focus on those good things. And yes, some people might call it rationalization. But what about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you end up losing it hopeless says to me. I mean, what if you got really hopeless. What if you decided to relapse, or worse, what if you decided life wasn't worth living.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now how great a pit. Mom, are you going to be then like there's a lot at stake your happiness is your sobriety and happiness are central to your son's to the whole system working, it's you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about that tier
Jessica G: It's just
Jessica G: Like I know my son picks up on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Jessica G: I know the dancer. My niece was over the other day and I heard how he was talking to her.
Jessica G: That just made me snap like it made me like
Jessica G: Like realize that he sees everything like really realize it. You know, I just look past few days, I've just been like
Jessica G: Being more careful not to get angry around him not to yell around him.
Jessica G: Because I don't want him to be like that.
Jessica G: I don't want him to be like, I want you to be happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your son wants his mom to be happy to.
Gwenevere Abriel: You weren't here. You're the center of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have got to be okay with you, you'll be more patient will be more playful creative, they'll have more energy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he's going to pick up on that too.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You have an idea of what the first step would be to actually
Gwenevere Abriel: reality testing. So, for example, reality test would be, I'm going to all I'm going to do is just go to to daycares all I'm going to do is set up appointments and to go in and look around and I'm just going to drop in
Gwenevere Abriel: Not even a schedule anything just going to drop them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where the yelling in the waiting room was it clean. I'm just going to right. I'm just gonna jump in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, they may not let you pass us first buzzer door right we kind of hope that because we want security. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's your first Q, isn't it. Oh, I was able to walk right in. That's a problem. How did I get in here. You don't know me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we need a buzzer. We need safety, safety, safety, that's going to help you because you have a lot of fear around safety and what's the vetting process, how to, how are people hire. Do you do background checks.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and how are you, if I want a spot check. I want to leave work and I want to come by and see my son.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I've had some you can be big. I had some things happen. And I'm worried about a safety and you know you can play make fun of yourself. I'm one of those
Gwenevere Abriel: Those moms. You know those moms and they'll be like, oh yeah, a lot of you are like that. Oh, we love these kids, and we do background checks and we checked, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I just came up with one step that would address fear. What did you think about even with that idea of just just brainstorming here. But what does it make you think about
Jessica G: Um,
Jessica G: It made me think of like
Jessica G: Maybe finding somebody to take care of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, come into the home.
Jessica G: Yeah, like hiring somebody
Jessica G: But
Jessica G: And all and it made me think of the time that I will do go look at a daycare, but I scheduled
Jessica G: Over the
Jessica G: Office.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just Jessica.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see how you can play with that but you know where those are like
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's about
Gwenevere Abriel: You know this inappropriate touch this molest thing. Jessica, if you register CC. Please don't realize how much your gut, your intuition registers unhealthy people
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever been around somebody you couldn't quite put words to walk, want to be around them, but they gave you the creeps.
Jessica G: Yeah, definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's really, that's your gut saying something's off. I don't have words or a story for it, but I don't want to be here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got a tune, most of you guys in this program aren't tuned into that you've been denying it for years. Right. And so you use drugs to repress that intuition repressed that gut feeling.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's been there. It's been messaging.
Gwenevere Abriel: For some people it isn't in the gut. For some people it's this sort of tightness in the chest. For some people it's up in the throat.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the body tells you, something's up. We just have to turn in and start to trust it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You walk out and say thank you and that's it. You don't know me an explanation. You don't know, add them an explanation, something's off and you move on.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you'll notice, wait a minute. I have a warm fuzzy feeling here. I feel relaxed. I even want to play. I want to have conversation. Hey, I like this place.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is the big hurdle is your son, his safety. I know that if if there's going to be a list of things to do as far as brushing up on a skill or refining something to get you to a job that has a higher paycheck.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think, first you're going to need to overcome your fear of something happening to your son.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when so if someone were to come to your home, right, I forgot. We're not going to daycare. So this idea of having someone come to the home when someone so when people are trustworthy. Right. They can look you in the eye. They also break
Gwenevere Abriel: A break away someone that you think oh good eye contact means it's a perfect fit. That's not actually true. Someone who only stares at you stare stare stare stare stare and doesn't break as a problem to
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone who doesn't right when you ask them, direct questions they dance around and give vague vague responses. Those are signs, something's off. And so you just maybe you go on the internet, you look at what a really great
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, hiring babysitter questions ones that really get it things and you'll say, hey, part of the interview process is I'm going to do a background check, and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to check, am I going to find anything. And then you could just ask them, and then you may not have to pay for it because they'll say, Yeah, I have. Blah, blah, blah. Well, then you just save yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: MONEY BECAUSE THEY TOLD YOU.
Jessica G: To
Gwenevere Abriel: Drop in anytime say hey listen I'm one of those moms that's, you know, I call myself a helicopter. Mom, I say, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: I might going to drop in because it helps relieve me psychologically
Gwenevere Abriel: I go through waves in certain parts of the day where I have extra worried. So you might see me drop it and don't get yourself offended. This is just about me relaxing into this idea of someone taking care of my little one. And we just tell them we normalize it for him.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what do you think
Jessica G: That made me feel really calm.
Jessica G: And
Jessica G: When I see myself there like peeking through a window.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there are places, you know, online, they already are pre background checks, they they spend extra money to go on to like sitter city or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they already paid money to to have their background check, check, so that when you're trying to interview them you can see
Gwenevere Abriel: You can see their hours. You can see if they're CPR certified. You can see if they have any specialized training. What age kids. They like to work with their, you know, and if they have a background check.
Jessica G: I just me. I was before in the now I would have to get myself into a car until vehicle because
Jessica G: I need something reliable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay car. Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm just curious how much money may not have any since you just moved, but do you have any money tucked away.
Jessica G: I have like a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Like $200 how much you got
Jessica G: No like 350
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Need a reliable car. So it's not just a car. It is insurance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, we need car insurance to. And do you have a driver's license.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful.
Jessica G: And then done sharing some, the one that's really
Jessica G: Paying insurance for his car.
Jessica G: Not buy toys.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So you already have that money going out. So you're already used to spending on that. So that's already embedded in your, your monthly budget.
Jessica G: In my budget year
Okay.
Jessica G: I'll just switch it over to the other card.
Jessica G: As
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, OK. So again, but here's the thing. You already analyzed what someone texted you.
Jessica G: Yeah, they're calling me
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So you already did this. You already analyzed it and the first step is car, but there's steps before car, meaning there's boy someone's trying to get you
Jessica G: I hate when he does.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Jessica G: My brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Text him and say, Hey, I'm in a doctor's appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so where would you go, how would you do, what would you do online. Would you call your brother and ask ask one of them to drive the over to car lot. What would you do and then and then is this more about the coven like what comes before getting a car so you know there's steps beforehand.
Jessica G: And getting the down payment together first and then my uncle works for a car dealership.
Jessica G: car dealership.
Jessica G: So right now it's just a matter of
Gwenevere Abriel: You sure you want to text him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost done. Anyway, that's funny.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so there it is again uncle has a dealership so uncle may also be able to finance. I don't know if that's something you ever do where you put it. You know $350 down and
Gwenevere Abriel: At an interest rate, unfortunately. But you could do that. And then you're on your way. And then you could pay it out right once you've gathered up the money.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's now we're back to
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting to the dealership. So for you, what is, what are the steps that are right now and getting over to a dealership. What are five things you'd have to do before you got here.
Jessica G: Have
Jessica G: The money.
Jessica G: And if I did get financed, I would have to do it through my mom credit because I'm dig my credits. Very good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
For
Jessica G: Not to
Gwenevere Abriel: Checked on that you've you've checked on my credit karma.com and seeing what your number is
Gwenevere Abriel: Now can I know like are you catastrophizing is it above 650 or below.
Gwenevere Abriel: 656 50
Jessica G: And you in between, like, five and 650
Gwenevere Abriel: And have you talked with the credit bureaus about what you need to do to bring it up.
Jessica G: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's something you can do. By the way,
Jessica G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Humans over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'd like. However, what, what's this and. Okay. And do you know what to do to bring it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: So sometimes it's one of those things where they're like oh you you have a credit card that has an outstanding debt.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you need to contact Victoria's Secret or something and start making $25 payments on it. Sometimes it's that. And then they can see a month of on time payments and then what starts to go up. Sometimes it's just as simple as that conversation.
Jessica G: Whoa.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes there's bad. Some people steal identities and they have really messed with you and they put credit cards out and there's not like you need to this is fraud.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm going to file a police report and this is not me, and I need you know this off and I need to have it removed so
Gwenevere Abriel: The more we're our heads in the sand and we're in denial about it that credit stays low but yeah we need it for all kinds of things having our name on a lease financing a car or an apartment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or, you know, sometimes I haven't seen it, too. Too often, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes employers pretty rare. They'll look at your credit, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Not very often.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Well,
Jessica G: I know I do. Oh, okay. I had a bill. I had a phone with sprint.
Jessica G: And
Jessica G: I know that I old
Jessica G: But then they called me and they told me that I have charges that they wrapped up my real up to $2,000 they
Jessica G: Were they didn't believe me when I said that my tablet with all my information boss phone right from under me
Jessica G: Literally all sitting, then they ran by that and I try to chase after well all my information on that.
Jessica G: And that's why the
Jessica G: Police are more. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's how I said police report.
Gwenevere Abriel: POLICE REPORT.
Jessica G: So I have no drugs and stuff.
Jessica G: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: That. So here's. That's the deal that's part of the picture. I CAN'T. WE CAN'T bypass that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You weren't behaving in your right mind doing responsible things which the rest right the rest of your community and you would do now, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is something that you report it. And the reason we report is because we're going to have to answer to maybe someone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: We reported it stolen. So if anyone asks, I reported. It's official. But you were hiding in other parts of your life. And so you were too busy probably making sure you have the next score.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Jessica G: Then they run to
Gwenevere Abriel: Favor, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is going to sting a little bit. Jessica, but
Gwenevere Abriel: The addict. Got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got you in debt.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a fact. It happened right. We can't pretend like it didn't happen. It did. And I don't know what else
Gwenevere Abriel: But you, Jessica.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are going to have to deal with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, that can be a motivator to be like, I'm not going through this again, you're not going to put me through this again right that internal dialogue between you and the addict inside
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not going to put me. You're not gonna let me do this again. I wasn't responsible. I was there was chaos in my life. I'm not going through that again.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want stability structure consistency, you know, and you can brush that that voice of addiction that wants to tell you to escape again into that world and that life. But the truth of the matter is,
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be a little pissed off with the attic for this, but it's left to you. It's in your lap to solve it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it unjust. Well, an addict has never been on your side to begin with. So sorry, it's the truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's
Jessica G: Motivated look at it like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can use this opportunity to get a little pissed off. But let's directed at the right place, not at you. You're the one that wants to do the next right thing but at the attic and say, you know, I know you're not much of a swear, but my role did the FAQ. Look what you did you turn
Gwenevere Abriel: And now I'm going to go pay for this but I ain't doing it again. I'm a bail you out right you talking to yourself certain, you know, a bail you out and get this to read. I'm going to call sprint and I'm going to ask
Gwenevere Abriel: I I had something going on. I DIDN'T CALL THE POLICE REPORT.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would love to have it wave, you can always ask for the dream question I'd like to have it way.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta say no but
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe because of Kobe there'll be like fine. We're waiving all that nonsense. Look at my good credit history. Now, I've been making on time payments. Is there any way you could wave this
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't file a police report, but it is gone.
Gwenevere Abriel: They'll say no. Be nice if they said yes. And then you say, I can't afford to pay it in lump sum. I do all have to deal with this. It was stolen identity but
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like on the record if you could put me to
Gwenevere Abriel: Your department where I can report that this is an identity theft. You can take a look at these numbers.
Gwenevere Abriel: If they're not, you could cross compare ones that I'm doing. And they're not the same. I don't even know these people. But I wanted on the record that this occurred. And then if they continue to say you need to still pay it, you need to still pay it, you need to still pay it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you say, how, what is the minimum payment that I can make a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it might be 510 dollars might be 25, I don't know, but you'll, you'll be to pay down. And guess what, now when the attic says, hey, free and clear. No one's watching. Let's go get high.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you going to remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Two grand
Gwenevere Abriel: Two grand to cost me MoFo.
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel me
Jessica G: Yeah yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Thanks a lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not too bad, too.
Jessica G: And a lot of jail time a hit and run
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing good short term high long term consequence.
Gwenevere Abriel: To remember if it means that you pay two grand for really good quality therapy and treatment, then that's what you write it off. And that's what you're writing it off. Fine. This is my treatment, so I don't forget.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I better go.
Gwenevere Abriel: So are we were good for tomorrow morning for group and then next Monday.
Jessica G: This
Gwenevere Abriel: This this deal we got going. But again, if you write if you are starting to get into this
Gwenevere Abriel: Calling sprint getting out the facts. All you're going to do is data gathering just data. I could call my call. I could find out if they have financed for, you know, how much would it be to finance a 510 THOUSAND DOLLAR CAR I'VE GOT 350. What do you got
Gwenevere Abriel: What is the minimum credit score and what are some ideas. If you're just you're one through five lists that you have in front of you, you just are on data gathering and then you can say, okay, now I have my information how easy it to transfer insurance.
Gwenevere Abriel: And, you know, you're just getting your, your data gathering list.
Jessica G: Just a few things you know
Jessica G: And I've been thinking about that too, like I like I want to make a goals list. I want to make a list of things that I need to do and like to check them off. You know, I feel like that would help me. So I think that's where I'm going.
Gwenevere Abriel: To do it now, today, write it up.
Jessica G: Yeah. After we
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't make it more than like like for things. It can be you'll you won't be able to do it. And then you'll you'll poo poo. The list.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't put it on the list and let you lead. Like, literally, if I write it down. I'm going to do it today. These are the tiny step ones that's going to get on the phone with sprint.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number two, I'm going to call my uncle and it counts. If you called and he was online. That's still counts but circle back and see if you can actually speak with him and ask him about financing with some ideas are
Gwenevere Abriel: And then whatever your number three is enough, the most for but honestly, if you get one done that's great but don't write don't write your, you know, 20 things to just do three or four, the next day.
Jessica G: Okay that's simple enough.
Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's all
Gwenevere Abriel: It ever takes to get a goal. It's just micro steps. Each day, believe it or not, then all of a sudden you're like what the heck I'm, I'm actually near my goal. I can't believe it, but it takes tiny little steps. They're not these big grand sweeping things they're tiny little steps.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'll see you tomorrow.
Jessica G: Okay, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have I be good to
Okay.